Q here? Can you id and disam pn in ? if find, irr, how hard is it 
Tool -> affiliation
to do it systematically identify and disambiguate place names in scientific text?
In order to… we did, we analyzed the collection 
Q after identified valid place names, is it relevant to the study
Post first, exp than answer, then what you found. 
90% find 10 not or … in 90% we able to do sth… however we noticed in many cases the place names appears to be no relevant to the study… example
Place names is part of bio… in that case 


we performed an experiment on the abstracts of PubMed publications to find out types of place names in biomedical databases. It is based on MapAffil which is a bibliographic tool for mapping author affiliation strings to geographic locations. The purpose of this experiment is trying to identify the ambiguity of place names in biomedical texts. 
In addition, comparing with previous researches, we also found that biomedical texts have different misclassification error types and proportions of place names than general English texts. Some discussions about potential solutions for different types of misclassification errors are also included in this paper to improve performance.

In this paper, we tried to answer the question that how can you identify and disambiguate the place names in scientific text? After identified valid place names, how do you know it is relevant to the study or not, and how hard is it to systematically identify and disambiguate place names in scientific text?
In order to answer these questions, we performed an experiment on the abstracts of PubMed publications and analyzed 500 manually annotated record collections to find out types of place names in biomedical databases. Two main different types of ambiguous place name have been found: ambiguity place name and correct but irrelevant place name.
A good example of the first type is Monte Carlo which always presented as Monte Carlo simulation, a widely used method but not a place name, in a sentence from scientific publications. Although the Monte Carlo is a valid place name, since the following modifier “simulation” changes its meaning, the whole entity is not a place name at all. In our annotated collection, we found 26.8% place name suffered from this kind of type.
In addition, for the correct place names, we noticed that in many cases the place names appear to be irrelevant to the study and belongs to the second type of ambiguity. Take Wuhan as an Example. If it appears in a paper which is about infection and spread of Wuhan coronavirus pneumonia, Wuhan is relevant to the study here. However, if a paper is just about a Radar system designed by Wuhan University, Wuhan may be irrelevant to the study in this situation.
Some discussions about potential solutions for different types of misclassification errors are also included in this paper to improve performance. If we can solve the problems above well, we can study the role of place in scientific texts and know whether it is relevant to a study in fact. 
